docs(CSS): Anchor elements are not referring to '<a>' but to the anchoring element (#23416)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/css_selectors/index.md

- Relative selector

>   - : A selector that represents an element relative to one or more [anchor elements](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Pseudo-classes) (the element that a pseudo-class is attached to) preceded by a combinator. Relative selectors that don't begin with an explicit [combinator](#combinators) have an implied [descendant combinator](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Descendant_combinator).

Reviewer: Good catch. However, this isn't a good definition. Let me marinate on a good suggestion (it's not coming to me at the moment). Please don't merge as is.

>   - : A selector that represents an element relative to one or more [anchor elements](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Pseudo-classes) (the element that a pseudo-class is attached to) preceded by a combinator. Relative selectors that don't begin with an explicit [combinator](#combinators) have an implied [descendant combinator](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Descendant_combinator).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : A selector representing an element relative to one or more anchor elements preceded by a combinator. Relative selectors that don't begin with an explicit [combinator](#combinators) have an implied [descendant combinator](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Descendant_combinator).
```

Let's start with this, then add a glossary for` anchor` element perhaps. The /en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Pseudo-classes defines it well, but that's not a good link here (user has to search the entire page to find what they're looking for), and a relative selector doesn't need to include a pseudoclass, so meh.

Author: Good idea

> add a glossary for anchor element perhaps

Should we do this in this PR or a follow-up?

>     **Examples:** `+ div#topic > #reference {...}`, `> .icon {...}`, `dt:has(+ img) {...}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **Examples:** `+ div#topic > #reference {...}`, `> .icon {...}`, `dt:has(+ img) ~ dd {...}`
```
